.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Description

<!-- Provide a clear and concise description of the changes in this PR -->

## Type of Change

<!-- Check all that apply -->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Documentation update
- [ ] Refactoring (no functional changes)
- [ ] Performance improvement
- [ ] Test coverage improvement
- [ ] CI/CD update
- [ ] Dependency update

## Related Issue

<!-- Link to the issue(s) this PR addresses -->
Fixes #(issue number)

## Changes Made

<!-- List the specific changes made in this PR -->

-
-
-

## Testing

<!-- Describe the tests you ran to verify your changes -->

- [ ] Existing tests pass locally (`make test`)
- [ ] Added new tests for new functionality
- [ ] Tested manually (describe below if applicable)

### Manual Testing Steps

<!-- If manual testing was required, describe the steps -->

1.
2.
3.

## Checklist

<!-- Review and check all items before submitting -->

- [ ] My code follows the project's code style (`make lint` passes)
- [ ] My code is properly formatted (`make format` applied)
- [ ] I have added/updated tests that prove my fix/feature works
- [ ] I have added/updated documentation as needed
- [ ] All tests pass locally
- [ ] I have reviewed my own code
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have updated the CHANGELOG.md (if applicable)
- [ ] My commit messages follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) standard

## Additional Notes

<!-- Any additional information that reviewers should know -->

Commit message:

refactor: consolidate repository structure
- Move sdk/docs/*.md to docs/docs/sdk/ (A2A, MCP, MessageProtocol)
- Move sdk/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/ to root .github/
- Remove duplicate markdown files from sdk/
- Remove unused scripts/ directory
- Remove internal REPOSITORY_EVALUATION.md
- Simplify README.md (600 → 62 lines)
- Simplify SECURITY.md (use GitHub-only reporting)
- Update mkdocs.yml navigation
- Add changelog requirement to PR templates and CONTRIBUTING.md
- Document release process in CONTRIBUTING.md

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Description

<!-- Provide a clear and concise description of the changes in this PR -->

## Type of Change

<!-- Check all that apply -->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Documentation update
- [ ] Refactoring (no functional changes)
- [ ] Performance improvement
- [ ] Test coverage improvement
- [ ] CI/CD update
- [ ] Dependency update

## Related Issue

<!-- Link to the issue(s) this PR addresses -->
Fixes #(issue number)

## Changes Made

<!-- List the specific changes made in this PR -->

-
-
-

## Testing

<!-- Describe the tests you ran to verify your changes -->

- [ ] Existing tests pass locally (`make test`)
- [ ] Added new tests for new functionality
- [ ] Tested manually (describe below if applicable)

### Manual Testing Steps

<!-- If manual testing was required, describe the steps -->

1.
2.
3.

## Changelog

<!-- All PRs must update sdk/CHANGELOG.md unless labeled 'skip-changelog' -->

- [ ] I have updated `sdk/CHANGELOG.md` under `[Unreleased]` section
- [ ] Or: This PR has the `skip-changelog` label (docs, CI, etc.)

## Checklist

<!-- Review and check all items before submitting -->

- [ ] My code follows the project's code style (`make lint` passes)
- [ ] My code is properly formatted (`make format` applied)
- [ ] I have added/updated tests that prove my fix/feature works
- [ ] I have added/updated documentation as needed
- [ ] All tests pass locally
- [ ] I have reviewed my own code
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] My commit messages follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) standard

## Additional Notes

<!-- Any additional information that reviewers should know -->
